## 8-XOR-PUF dataset

This GitHub repo is created for the second assignment of the course "Systems and Software Security", taught at Leiden University. It contains the paper/report written for this assignment, as well as all python scripts and data collected. For this assignment I implemented a 32-bit 8-XOR-PUF on a PYNQ-Z2 circuit board, generated a dataset of CRPs and evaluated this dataset.

### Description of files

The files in this repo were used for the following purpose:
- 32_bit_1to8_XOR_APUF.bit, 32_bit_1to8_XOR_APUF.hwh: files generated by Vivado for creating an overlay on the PYNQ board
- Verilog files: A folder of verilog scripts used for creating the 32 bit 8-XOR-PUF in Vivado. Together with the block model saved in 32_bit_1to8_XOR_APUF.tcl, this specifies the circuit to be implemented on the PYNQ
- constrains generator.py: A file to generate the contents of an .xdc file specifying the placement of multiplexers on the PYNQ board, used in Vivado
- ChallengeGenerator.py: A python script for generating a large number of challenges and sorting them using a simple heuristic to minimize the amount of bit flips between consecutive challenges
- challenges_test.npy, challenges20.npy, challenges.npy: 2D numpy arrays containing 2^14, 2^20 and 2^22 rows, each containing 32 bits of a challenge for the XOR-APUF.
- Code to run APUF (32 bits).py: The actual code executed on the PYNQ-Z2 board to generate the responses of all XOR PUFs
- testing-CRPs-1to8.npy, training-CRPs-1to8.npy: 2D numpy arrays. Contain 2^14 and 2^20 rows respectively. Each row consists of 32 bits of a challenge, followed by 8 bits of output. The first bit is the result of the first APUF, the second of the XOR of the first two APUFs, ... the eight of the XOR of all eight APUFs.
- PUF modelling atttack.py: A python script that executes a modelling attack on the data gathered by the XOR-PUF
- Statistics.py: A python script for computing different statistics for the responses generated by the XOR-PUF
- Paper.pdf: A paper written for this assignment


### License
All files are published in the public domain and may be used by anyone for any reason without notifying or mentioning me. Given that the dataset is highly biased and thus almost unusable, I would however find it interesting if anyone could find a use for this.
